[OCPBUGS-36857] Update RHEL requirements for OCP 4.15+ (#81895)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rhel-compute-requirements.adoc

** Base OS: CentOS 7.4.
endif::[]
ifdef::openshift-enterprise,openshift-webscale[]

> ** Base OS: link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/8/html/performing_a_standard_rhel_8_installation/index[{op-system-base} 8.8 and later] with "Minimal" installation option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Base operating system: Use link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/8/html/performing_a_standard_rhel_8_installation/index[{op-system-base} 8.8 and later] with the "Minimal" installation option.
```

Reviewer: Does "Minimal" here refer to RHEL or OCP? I do not see any RHEL doc that stands out in the link destination.

> ** Base operating system: Use link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/8/html/performing_a_standard_rhel_8_installation/index[{op-system-base} 8.8 or a later version] with the "Minimal" installation option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Base operating system: Use link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/8/html/performing_a_standard_rhel_8_installation/index[{op-system-base} 8.8 or a later version] with the minimal installation option.
```

We avoid quotes in this instance as they could be overused in our docs and make other surrounding references less important.
